feat(federation): Add capabilities for the federation feature and con… (#11730)
nextcloud/spreed: docs/capabilities.md

* `edit-messages` - Whether messages can be edited (restricted to 24 hours after posting)
* `silent-send-state` - Whether messages contain a flag that they were sent silently
* `chat-read-last` - Whether chat can be marked read without giving a message ID (will fall back to the conversations last message ID)
* `federation-v1` - Whether basic chatting is possible with federation

> * `config => federation => enabled` - Boolean, whether basic chatting is enabled

Reviewer: Would be changed with v2? Or should have wider description?
```suggestion
* `config => federation => enabled` - Boolean, whether federation is enabled on instanse
```
